README.md, before:

## Hi, I'm Sharon 🫣

🔬 Currently working on research tracking CRPD implementation & NLP text analysis of African Literature<br> 🌱 Into AI safety, alignment, and responsible NLP systems<br>⚡ I like learning languages and this year we're starting off with ASL while exploring the DMV one neighborhood at a time<br> 


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/www.linkedin.com/in/sharonwanyana) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/r-%23276DC3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Scipy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-%230C55A5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scipy&logoColor=%white) ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white) ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white) ![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-%233F4F75.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=plotly&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) ![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-%23D00000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Keras&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white) ![Power Bi](https://img.shields.io/badge/power_bi-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=SullenSchemer&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=SullenSchemer&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=SullenSchemer&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise README introduction and add analytics mention
Updated personal introduction to include dashboard and data pipeline work.

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'm Sharon 🫣

🔬 Currently working on research tracking CRPD implementation & NLP text analysis of African Literature<br> 🌱 Into AI safety & alignment<br>⚡ I like learning languages and this year we're starting off with ASL while exploring the DMV one neighborhood at a time<br> 📊 I make cool dashboards and data pipelines, reach out if you’re hiring for analytics or data engineering<br>


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/www.linkedin.com/in/sharonwanyana) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/r-%23276DC3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Scipy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SciPy-%230C55A5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scipy&logoColor=%white) ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white) ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white) ![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-%233F4F75.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=plotly&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) ![Keras](https://img.shields.io/badge/Keras-%23D00000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Keras&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=notion&logoColor=white) ![Power Bi](https://img.shields.io/badge/power_bi-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=powerbi&logoColor=black)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=SullenSchemer&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=SullenSchemer&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=SullenSchemer&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
